CBOR working group conference call, {date}

Meetecho: {meetecho}

Previous meeting's minutes: {minutes}

-----------------------------
Preliminary agenda (please edit):

- WG documents status and issues
- CBOR use in IETF and other SDOs
- AOB

Notes (please volunteer to help take notes):



---

*[AD]: Alan DeKok
*[AJS]: Alexander J. Stein
*[AR]: Anders Rundgren
*[BL]: Barry Leiba
*[BM]: Brendan Moran
*[CA]: Christian Amsüss
*[CB]: Carsten Bormann
*[CL]: Chris Lemmons
*[FP]: Francesca Palombini
*[HB]: Henk Birkholz
*[IMD]: Ira McDonald
*[JH]: Joe Hildebrand
*[JOD]: Jeremy O'Donoghue
*[KC]: Kal Conley
*[LL]: Laurence Lundblade
*[MCR]: Michael Richardson
*[MG]: Mikolai Gütschow
*[ML]: Martine Lenders
*[MM]: Maria Matějka
*[MT]: Marco Tiloca
*[OS]: Orie Steele
*[PP]: Philip Prindeville
*[RHo]: Russ Housley
*[RM]: Rohan Mahy
*[ST]: Sean Turner
*[TR]: Tahina Ramananandro
*[VG]: Vadim Goncharov
*[WMN]: Wolf McNally

